c:\users\bogtest\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\bin\Debug\SistemaVenda.exe.config
c:\users\bogtest\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\bin\Debug\SistemaVenda.exe
c:\users\bogtest\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\bin\Debug\SistemaVenda.pdb
c:\users\bogtest\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\bin\Debug\SistemaVenda.xml
c:\users\bogtest\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\bogtest\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
c:\users\bogtest\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
c:\users\bogtest\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
c:\users\bogtest\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\bogtest\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\obj\Debug\SistemaVenda.frmProdutos.resources
c:\users\bogtest\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\obj\Debug\SistemaVenda.Resources.resources
c:\users\bogtest\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\obj\Debug\SistemaVenda.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\bogtest\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\obj\Debug\SistemaVenda.exe
c:\users\bogtest\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\obj\Debug\SistemaVenda.xml
c:\users\bogtest\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\obj\Debug\SistemaVenda.pdb
c:\users\bogtest\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\obj\Debug\SistemaVenda.frmCategoria.resources
c:\users\bogtest\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\obj\Debug\SistemaVenda.frmForncedor.resources
c:\users\bogtest\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\obj\Debug\SistemaVenda.frmVenda.resources
C:\Users\BogTest\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\obj\Debug\SistemaVenda.frmRequizitarProd.resources
C:\Users\BogTest\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\obj\Debug\SistemaVenda.frmCadastroEmpresa.resources
C:\Users\BogTest\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\obj\Debug\SistemaVenda.frmCadastroUsuario.resources
C:\Users\BogTest\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\obj\Debug\SistemaVenda.frmPrincipal.resources
C:\Users\BogTest\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.UI.dll
C:\Users\BogTest\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\bin\Debug\MetroSuite.dll
C:\Users\BogTest\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\obj\Debug\SistemaVenda.frmTipoUsuario.resources
C:\Users\BogTest\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\obj\Debug\SistemaVenda.frmEntrada.resources
C:\Users\BogTest\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\obj\Debug\SistemaVenda.frm_tela_saida.resources
C:\Users\BogTest\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\obj\Debug\SistemaVenda.frm_veda_rapida.resources
C:\Users\BogTest\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\obj\Debug\SistemaVenda.frm_Venda.resources
C:\Users\BogTest\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\obj\Debug\SistemaVenda.frmRelatorioVenda.resources
C:\Users\BogTest\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
C:\Users\BogTest\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Users\BogTest\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\obj\Debug\SistemaVenda.frmListaVenda.resources
C:\Users\BogTest\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SistemaVenda\SistemaVenda\obj\Debug\SistemaVenda.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
